# Mobile-Programming
The overall requirements for this application were to allow a user to login to their unique account that then presented them with their personal itinerary. The user could then from there add, update or delete events as necessary. The events and login information would be stored in an updatable database that would be used to display information to the user. The app also consisted of a reminder function that required an android permission for sending SMS messages that would have to be approved by the user. The app would still function if this permission was not granted but would be severely impaired. This app required a login screen, a screen for the input of event data, a screen for asking for app permissions and a screen to display the upcoming event details. I used a consistent theme and stayed within the Android STudio guidelines in order to make sure that my UI was both usable and functional. I kept users in mind by keeping things simple and obvious so that there should be no learning curve when it comes to using the app.

The way that I approached coding this application was to first start out by planning out my project by understanding the functional requirements of the application. I then built a rough outline of the user interface using Android Studio's design feature. After that I tweaked the XML file to get everything exactly where I needed it to be and to make sure that I kept a consistent theme throughout the design of my application. I mainly tested by using the Android Studio emulator and using the app as intended to test its general functionality. This is an important process because just because there may be no errors in your code doesn;t mean that it functions properly and so it should still be tested by the developer. I think that the moment where I had to innovate the most was during the UI design aspect. I'm usually not a very artistic person and so this was a rather difficult section for me. I think that I did particularly well in the construction of my databases and tables. Those seemed to function well and conform to industry best standards.

